# BeWell
Android app to be a co-pilot for psychaitrists to extend their attention and for GPs to recognize the potentional symptoms of depression.

## Our application
Depression is one of the most common psychiatric problem both in the developed and in the developing countries. Despite the increasing number of cases many of the patients does not get the appropriate treatment and relapse many times. The reason for that among others are the social stigmatisation, lack of psychiatric staff, overflow of healthcare systems and lack of fast and sustainable diagnosing and monitoring tools.

 Our app aims to be help for the GPs to recognise the potentially depressive patients with the help of acknowledged questionnaires, keep them monitored and act as the starting point in the diagnostic algorithm. In addition to that also the patients and their family can be more involved in their treatment, monitor their current status, write down their day to day experience in our diary function, get to know more about this disease through similar cases and stories of patients and with the use of high quality education materials in the form of text, audio and video.
 BeWell could take some of the burden off of the GPs and clinicians without the loss of information about the patient. The patients could make the first steps to understand their situation, get educated, provide more up to date information to the healthcare professionals and monitor their status. 

Among the future plans we aim to help the patient to stay organised both in their everyday life and in their treatment, future plans are to create a reminder feature, which can remind the user to take their medicine, offer activities to the patient using the geolocation and recommend activities to the user e.g. walk in the park if its nearby or list the available professionals/ suicide centers. We also want to include gamification features to get more engaged, fill out the Beck's Depression Inventory every month, measure passive data (steps made, quality of sleep) to provide more accurate information to the clinician, provide visual data like mood charts and analysis of the gathered data and provided educational material available in local language and local sources. 

During the hackathon we made the following progress. We started the development of an android application with Android Studio. The authentication and data storage is done by Firebase. The user can fill out a Beck's Depression Inventory. The software was made for Android 5.0 OP system so that 98% of the current Android running devices can use BeWell.
